Update renku UI 3.4.3 (#3054)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

Renku ``0.25.4`` introduces several UI big-fixes.

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

- **UI**: Prevent flashing a spinning wheel when loading workflows
  (`#2493 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2493>`_).
- **UI**: Restore the flag to show inactive workflows
  (`#2502 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2502>`_).
- **UI**: Prevent infinite spinning wheel when accessing projects by numeric ID
  without the required user's permissions
  (`#2476 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2476>`_).

> - **UI**: Open the target notebook when accessing a session from the file preview

Reviewer: what was fixed here? If I'm interpreting this correctly, can we say:

```suggestion
- **UI**: Fix an issue where a notebook would not automatically open in a session for anonymous users
```

Author: Ops I used a very cryptic message. Thanks for spotting it. The suggestion is on point :ok_hand:

0.25.4
------

> Renku ``0.25.4`` introduces several KG and UI big-fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.25.4`` introduces several KG and UI bug-fixes.
```

Author: :pray:
